Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedstudents-grade-solution
<br>
Create a loop to enter between one and five test scores. Since you do not know exactly how many scores will be entered, a single input variable must be used for the test score input.A decision statement must be used inside the loop to determine if more test scores will be entered. The decision will be based on a sentinel value. A negative number should be entered if test score entry is done, but less than five test scores have been entered (the decision should be just after the input for the test score. If a negative number (sentinel value) is entered, the loop will end. Make sure not to include any negative numbers in the test average calculation.The grade weight of the averaged tests has changed. Instead of 50% it is now 65%After the test score loop, input the final test score. It is now worth 35% of the student’s grade.Once the grade value has been determined, use a series of nested IF (decision) statements to determine the correct letter grade. Store the letter in a variable to be used in the output (letter = “A”).Display the name, the average of the entered tests, the Final test score and a letter grade based on the student’s grade.but it needs to include this modificationCreate an outer loop based on the name input. The loop control should be based on the size of the array (do not go past the end of the array).A decision statement just after the name entry will check to see if the flowchart should continue. A blank name (“” – two sets of double quotes) will cause the input logic to end (name entry sentinel value).The test score entry logic does not change, except for the use of arrays for the test scores or average.

Starting with a valid flowchart from Week Three (you may start with the Week Three example posted), arrays will need to be added. Arrays must be used so the flowchart logic can keep track of mulltiple students, each with up to five test scores and a final. So, create and use arrays for the student’s names, tests scores and final test scores. The arrays must be able to store at least ten students and their various scores. Individual test scores or the average scores can be stored in the array. If the first option is selected, the test scores array will need to be five times the size of the student name array.The following logic midifications will need to be added:Create an outer loop based on the name input. The loop control should be based on the size of the array (do not go past the end of the array).A decision statement just after the name entry will check to see if the flowchart should continue. A blank name (“” – two sets of double quotes) will cause the input logic to end (name entry sentinel value).The test score entry logic does not change, except for the use of arrays for the test scores or average.Once all input is completed (no output until all input is finished), the flowchart output should display the the name, the test average, the final test score, and the correct letter grade (up to one point will be added back to your score if you add + and – letter grade logic). not changed.Loops are required when using arrays. This is for both the input and the output